{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww29200\viewh16120\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qr\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Eyerusalem Debero\
04/11/2026\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Exercise 1.A Getting Set Up\
\

\fs26 1, As a rule of thumb, getting to work or class on time means being\cb1  \cb2 ready\cb1  \cb2 for work/class\cb1  \cb2 at least a few minutes before it starts. Some people find this easy, but those of us who\cb1  \cb2 struggle with time management often leave getting ready to the last minute, which\cb1  \cb2 then turns into running late. To set yourself up for success in this class, it is helpful to\cb1  \cb2 build up a consistent routine of how you get started in the morning.\cb1  \cb2 What do you\cb1  \cb2 envision yourself doing 5 minutes before class starts each day, to ensure that you\cb1 \
\cb2 are ready to start on time?
\f1\fs40 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 I will already be logged in and have my computer set up and ready. I will make sure my notebook or notes app is open, my materials are organized, and I am sitting in a quiet space so I can start class on time without rushing.\
\
2,
\f0  \cb2 Do you have a second monitor connected to your computer? This could be an actual monitor or a TV. (Note that just having Zoom open on a second device like a tablet is not by itself a great option because it limits your ability to share your screen, which is really important for troubleshooting.) If you don\'92t have a second monitor, can you think of any friends or family members who you could ask to loan you one for the next 12 weeks?\
\

\f2 \cb1 I do not currently have a second monitor. I don\'92t have anyone here who has a monitor I can borrow, but I may ask my manager about it and talk to him to see if that\'92s possible. If not, my plan is to eventually buy one using my own money when I am able to.\
\

\f0 3, D\cb2 o you have an external keyboard and mouse? (This isn\'92t absolutely necessary, but it definitely helps!)
\f1\fs40 \
\

\f2\fs24 \cb1 I do not have an external keyboard and mouse right now, but I am able to use my laptop keyboard and trackpad for class.\

\f0 \
\cb2 4.\cb1  \cb2 How do you plan to take notes for this class \'96 in a doc on your computer, with pen and\cb1  \cb2 paper, or something else?\

\f2 \cb1 \
I plan to take notes in a document on my computer so I can easily organize, edit, and access them during class. I also like taking notes in my notebook because writing things down helps me understand and remember better. However, it can be difficult for me to listen to the teacher and take notes at the same time, whether I\'92m typing or writing, so I will try my best to balance both.
\f0 \
\cb2 \
5.\cb1  \cb2 Practicing curiosity: What is one question that you have right now, about this course\cb1  \cb2 generally or about a specific topic we\'92ll be talking about?
\f1\fs40 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 What topics or skills will we focus on first in this course, and how will they be applied in real assignments or projects? Also, how can I better follow along with the teacher during class, especially when working in Excel, so I can stay on track and perform at a high level?
\f3\fs32 \
\
}