{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18620\viewh15060\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qr\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Eyerusalem Debero\
04/08/2026\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Exercise 2.A\strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec3 Thinking Critically About Data Analysis\cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
1. Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 and explanation of methodology raise in your mind.\cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec3 \
I am wondering how accurate Google Trends data is when it comes to real-life behavior, because searching for something does not always mean people are actually eating or choosing it. I also want to know if different states have real food preferences or if the results are influenced by social media trends or curiosity. Another question I have is whether the time period used in the data could change the results or make them less reliable\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 2.\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 You can find Google Trends search data at: \cb2 \strokec3 https://trends.google.com/trends/\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 3.\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 The article concluded that \'93milkshakes take the crown as the ultimate breakup food,\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 topping the list in six states.\'94 Pull up Google Trends data on Milkshake (beverage) and\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 change the date range to February 1, 2024 through February 28, 2025.\cb1 \strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 a)\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for \'93Interest over time\'94?\cb1 \strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec3 \
The highest peak recorded in the line chart for \'93Interest over time\'94 for Milkshake is 100 (Feb 28 \'96 Mar 31, 2025).\strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
b)\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 What is the lowest dip recorded?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
The lowest dip recorded is 50 (Nov 30 \'96 Dec 31, 2024).\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
4.\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 At the top next to the box for \'93Milkshake,\'94 there is a plus sign to add another search\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 term. Click the plus sign to add a search for Hamburger (Food).\cb1 \strokec0 \
\
\cb2 \strokec3 a)\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? What is the\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 lowest dip?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \strokec3  The highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger is 100 (May 26, 2024) and the lowest dip is 50 (Nov 24, 024).\strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cb2 \strokec3 b)What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 When I added Hamburger, the Milkshake line changed because Google Trends compares both search terms on the same scale. After adding Hamburger, Milkshake\'92s values became lower in comparison, showing 28 at its highest point (Apr 30 \'96 May 31, 2024) and 23 at its lowest point (Nov 30 \'96 Dec 31, 2024). At the same time, Hamburger stayed higher, with 100 at its peak and 72 at its lowest. This shows that the graph adjusts when a new search term is added.\strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cb2 \strokec3 5.\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 Why did the line for Milkshake change? Hint: Click on the\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 icon next to \'93Interest\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 over time\'94 for more information about how trend results are displayed.\cb1 \strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec3 \
The line for Milkshake changed because Google Trends recalculates the data when another search term is added. It compares both terms on the same scale (0\'96100), so the values get adjusted based on the highest search interest between them. That\'92s why Milkshake looks different even though the actual search data did not change.\strokec0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 6.\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic).\cb1 \strokec0 \
\
\cb2 \strokec3 a)\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 and Hamburger?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 do not see a strong pattern between searches for Breakup and Hamburger. The values go up and down at different times and do not follow the same trend. This shows that there is no clear relationship between Breakup and Hamburger searches.\strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cb2 \strokec3 b)\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 How about between Breakup and Milkshake?\cb1 \strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec3 There is a small pattern between Breakup and Milkshake, but it is not very strong. Milkshake stays lower compared to the other terms and does not clearly increase or decrease at the same time as Breakup. This shows that there is no strong relationship between them, although there may be a slight connection.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cb2 \strokec3 7.\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in the\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 article?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \

\f1 Google Trends shows relative search interest, not actual behavior or consumption, so conclusions based on it may not fully reflect real-world preferences.
\f0 \strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cb2 \strokec3 8.\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 At the upper right of Google Trends, click on the link for \'93Back to Classic Explore.\'94\cb1 \strokec0 \
\
\cb2 \strokec3 Notice that this view includes a section for \'93Compared breakdown by subregion.\'94\cb1 \strokec0 \
\
\cb2 \strokec3 a)\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 What was the top state by interest for Milkshake?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 The top state by interest for Milkshake is Illinois AND Maryland (tie at 29%).\strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cb2 \strokec3 b)\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 What was the top state by interest for Hamburger?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 The top state by interest for Hamburger is South Dakota, Montana, and Alaska (tie at 84%).\strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs32 \cf0 \strokec0 \
}