{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qr\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Eyerusalem Debero\
04/11/2026\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
1.\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 What conclusion can you reach about the responses to this question?\cb1 \strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec3 \
From the responses, I can see that most of us in the class are students, and we come from different backgrounds and experience levels. A lot of people have little or no corporate experience, and overall the group is mostly early in their careers and still learning.\strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 2.\cb1 \strokec0  I\cb2 \strokec3 s the default summary or visualization helpful? How could it be improved?\cb1 \strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec3 \
The default summary is helpful because it gives a quick overview of the responses, but it is not always very clear. It could be improved by organizing similar answers together, cleaning up inconsistent responses, and using simpler charts that are easier to understand.\strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 3.\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 For questions with an \'93Other\'94 option, where can you find the actual text of those\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 responses? Do you notice anything that might be tricky about analyzing these?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 The \'93Other\'94 responses are in the raw Excel data. They are tricky to analyze because people write answers in different ways, so they are not consistent and hard to group.\strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 4.\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 For questions calling for a written response, what challenges do you notice about\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 finding trends or patterns in the answers provided?\cb1 \strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec3 \
Written responses are hard to analyze because everyone answers differently. The wording, length, and detail vary, which makes it difficult to find clear patterns or compare answers.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 5.\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 Now that you can see the responses, how might you recommend rephrasing this or\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 question or the response options in a future survey?\cb1 \strokec0  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec3 I would improve the survey by using clearer multiple-choice answers instead of open text. This would make responses more consistent and easier to analyze. I would also standardize the options so people are choosing from the same categories instead of writing different versions.\strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Next respond to the below questions:\cb1 \strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 6.\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 Is there anything that surprised you about the survey responses?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 Yes, I was surprised by how different the answers were, especially for experience and education. Even simple questions had very different types of responses, and some people wrote answers in unusual ways.\strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 7. Looking at the responses to questions 1 and 5, are there any ideas you might try to\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 include in your morning routine, or any questions that you are also curious about?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 I might try to improve my Excel skills a little each day since many people have different levels of experience. I\'92m also curious about how education level and experience might affect job readiness or learning speed.\strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 8.\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 Pretend you are the instructor. Is there anything you can learn from this survey to help\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 in how you approach teaching this class?\cb1 \strokec0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec3 Yes, the instructor can see that students have different experience levels, so teaching should start with the basics and then gradually move to more advanced topics. It also shows the need to explain things clearly and make sure everyone is following along.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cb2 \strokec3 9.\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 Again, pretend you are the instructor. Do you think it was helpful or not helpful to\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 make this survey anonymous? Why or why not? (If you can see both pros and cons,\cb1 \strokec0  \cb2 \strokec3 you may include both.\cb1 \strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 Yes, making the survey anonymous is helpful because it allows students to answer honestly without feeling judged. However, a downside is that it is harder to follow up with specific students if more clarification is needed.
\f1\fs32 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec0 \
}