{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red14\green14\blue14;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c6700\c6700\c6700;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh9660\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx1926\pardeftab720\qr\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Eyerusalem Debero\
\pard\pardeftab720\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 04/09/2026\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 Exercise 3.B Exploring public data
\f1\fs49\fsmilli24722 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
1.\cb1  \cb2 Start by reviewing the\cb1  \cb2 data.gov\cb1  \cb2 home page. What is this?\cb1 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl250\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26\fsmilli13090 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\f0\fs24 Data.gov is the U.S. government\'92s website for free public data. It offers many datasets from different agencies on topics like health, education, weather, and transportation that people can explore and download.\
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 2.\cb1  \cb2 Go to\cb1  \cb2 Most Viewed Datasets\cb1 .\cb2  How many datasets are listed?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 There are 402,382 datastes the \'93Most Viewed Datasets\'94 section.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 3.\cb1  \cb2 Find the\cb1  \cb2 Topic Category\cb1  f\cb2 or Human Health. Review the range of data sources\cb1  \cb2 available for this topic. Why do you think these were tagged with the Human Health\cb1  \cb2 category?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \cb1 \
I think these datasets are tagged with Human Health because they include information that affects people\'92s health, such as diseases, healthcare, nutrition, food safety, and environmental factors. They come from agencies like the CDC, USDA, EPA, and NOAA. Grouping them under Human Health makes it easier to find and analyze health-related data in one place.
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 4.\cb1  \cb2 Go to the\cb1  \cb2 Food Price Outlook. Review the catalog page for this dataset. How can you\cb1  \cb2 navigate to additional datasets from the USDA?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \cb1 \
From the Food Price Outlook page, I can navigate to additional USDA datasets by clicking on the Department of Agriculture or USDA organization link. This redirects me to other USDA datasets where I can explore more food and agriculture-related data from the same source.
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\cb2 5.\cb1  \cb2 Go back to the\cb1  \cb2 data.gov\cb1  \cb2 home page. This time, click on\cb1  \cb2 Datasets by Organization.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \
When I click on \'93Datasets by Organization,\'94 I see that there are 132 organizations found. This section organizes datasets by the government agency that published them, which makes it easier to find and explore data from specific sources.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \
\cb2 6.\cb1  \cb2 Try searching for your city, county, and state. What organizations are returned?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 When I searched for my city, county, and state, I did not find results specifically for Dallas. However, I did find organizations related to Texas, Austin, the Gulf Coast Ecosystem Restoration Council, and the International Boundary and Water Commission. These organizations provide state-level and regional datasets focused on areas like environmental restoration and water resources.
\f0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 7.\cb1  \cb2 Search for USDA, and click into the result. Within the USDA datasets, search for\cb1  \cb2 food composition. Notice that the top three results are all datasets concerning nutrition\cb1  \cb2 information. Try searching the USDA page for\cb1  \cb2 nutrition. How does that affect your\cb1  \cb2 results?\
\
a)\cb1  \cb2 One of the tricky things about working with data is that sometimes the terminology\cb1  \cb2 used by a data source is not obvious. You may need to dig around and be creative\cb1  \cb2 to find what you\'92re looking for.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \cb1 When I search \'93food composition,\'94 I get 17 datasets with more specific and detailed data about nutrients and food content. When I search \'93nutrition,\'94 I get 229 datasets with broader health and diet-related information. This shows that different keywords affect both the number of results and the level of detail in the data.
\f0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 8.\cb1  \cb2 Go back to the results for\cb1  \cb2 food composition, and click on FoodData Central. Review\cb1  \cb2 the catalog page for this data source, then click on the button for\cb1  \cb2 Visit Page. Take\cb1  \cb2 some time to explore the FoodData Central website.\cb1 \
\
\cb2 a)Try searching for\cb1  \cb2 butter, or any of your favorite foods. What kind of results do you\cb1  \cb2 get? What happens when you click on a result?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \
When I search for butter, I select almond butter (creamy). The results show detailed nutrition and food composition data such as calories, fat, protein, vitamins, and minerals. When I click on a result, it opens a detailed page with a full breakdown of the food\'92s nutrient values and serving information.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \
\cb2 b)\cb1  \cb2 Go back to the home page. Find\cb1  \cb2 Foundation Foods, and click on Downloads. What\cb1  \cb2 kind of data can you find on this page? How big are these files? Where can you find\cb1  \cb2 more information on the data types available?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \cb1 When I go to the Foundation Foods downloads page, I see datasets with detailed food composition and nutrition data. The data is available in formats like CSV and JSON. The file sizes vary, from small files to very large ones in MB and GB. I can find more information about the data types in the documentation and data description section on the page.}